Episode 0 All About Valiant The recording is HERE ALL ABOUT VALIANT As a basic background and to help next week when we flesh out your relationships with Valiant Not required to read beforehand but wanted to share in advance to let brainstorming happen None of you know her exact age but 40s or 50s Looks great but also rough worn lots of laugh lines very street smart She was a member of the original mercenary company during the Wyrmrage The Faceless Wyrm contracted the company as he did almost all of the companies in the Broken Kingdoms Valiant could see what was coming and vocally objected to working with him then walked out For a short time this made her persona non grata but she was quickly validated when the Faceless Wyrm and her entire company were destroyed Quick aside on other mercenary companies The following mercs worked with the Wyrm Silver Sons Blood Skulls Penumbra Ironmongers Deepwood Lodge But only Valiant s company was wholly destroyed The rest either had survivors or had not committed all of their forces Mercs not present were the Barrowmen the Grim Accord and Knights of the Falling Star The Barrowmen didn t exist at that time they were only recently founded The Grim Accord did exist but Ossora has them on permanent retainer The Knights of the Falling Star were the only company that outright refused the Wyrm just like Valiant This is a big reason why they are now the preeminent mercs in the Kingdoms they were whole undamaged and polishing a sterling reputation for good judgment There were other mercs present both individuals and those from abroad But they aren t relevant to our story Valiant is inspired by a bard college of swords She plays the lute but instead of singing she s an expert at spoken word storytelling poetry and she uses the lute to play accompanying music or transition from scene to scene So she s more like a skald or Homer or something She s not a regular bard with a character sheet like yours I just took my inspiration from that class She probably won t be going with you on adventurers she s not an extra character to use She s charismatic The kind of person that draws a room s attention but everyone thinks she s only paying attention to them It s not a surprise that once she decided to revive the old company she s been able to attract those willing to fight alongside her She s a very dangerous duelist Not many warriors in the Kingdoms would be willing to face her 1v1 But she s easily overwhelmed by numbers and doesn t have the knack for battlefield tactics That s why she needed a lieutenant In the years between the Wyrmrage and reviving the company she bounced around all over the Kingdoms the continent and beyond She found work as a bouncer a bodyguard a bard whatever paid She ran with the Knights of the Falling Star for a short while given their mutual rejection of the Wyrm but never officially joined She didn t get along with a warrior named Vorislav who would eventually rise to become commander Valiant is genuinely afraid of Vorislav and has gone out of her way to keep your company away from him and the Knights During this middle period she became close friends with Nadia Zhukov and Ryger That pair would go on to found the Barrowmen a new merc company right around the time that Valiant revived your company They are still friendly but there s a certain competitiveness now and they have been slowly growing distant You have not known her to have any romantic partners or to speak of any from her past Valiant is sentimental She has kept various knickknacks from her adventures You ve been around her enough that you re familiar with most of them On the other hand she rarely speaks about the details of her past and hasn t explained why some of these are important to her Two eggs made of smooth white stone think polished quartz or moonstone They glow very softly One with slowly shifting shades of reds oranges browns The second is base green but occasionally swirls dramatically with blues pinks yellows etc A small collection of shrunken heads from Chult Handheld mirrors Each different style but all antique and ornate Though she is not particularly vain A single purple lady s glove with gold stitching Not a child s but too small to be Valiant s Many sets of dice many sets of hand painted playing cards in various states of wear and a chess set She likes to gamble but is very bad at chess Her lute A long necklace strung with the teeth of over 30 different kinds of monsters Sometimes she wears this when meeting with potential clients A long ornate smoking pipe made of brass engraved with script that none of you can read You ve seen her smoke it when she has to make a hard decision She has a small iron chest that she keeps locked She often keeps the glove in the chest and the pipe when she s not using it You ve seen papers inside when she opens it in front of you Where we are starting on the big map Character introductions sort of in order of how they met valiant Trigger Bo and Valiant know hes got some Shroud stuff Drux is bad and shroud and we know shit will get real Backline Bo librarian rebel who ended up a telepath Came from the Marble Archive buds with Backline Rök Krol Human Fighter Eldritch Knight Lieutenant Frontline and tactician Born to a poor farming family joined the militia in Baku as soon as he could to try in search of glory and to grow his family name At the influence of Dobromir Oronovich VIII the militia was sent to attack the Infinity Spire where the wizard Konstantin easily slaughtered the company Rok was left alive for reasons he never discusses but his soul was trapped inside a suit of armor He spent years wandering among mercenary companies taking odd jobs but never sticking around long enough to have his secret discovered Valiant was the first person he let his guard down for She is the family he never thought he would have again He studies arcana in his spare time in a desperate hope he ll find some solution to his curse Spectre Drow underdark assassin student grew in prowess to be challenging his father org crime kinda vibe Huddled in the underdark for a while Spectre has loaded dice he uses for purposes He swindled Kazimir Kulyk with it and made his company bank but has now joined ours DPS Grim Half Orc Grimgor the Fair Bastard has seen some shit in the feywild emerged to show up and join our company Chaotic good adventurer at heart Fey Fighter Frontline Stuff about Valiant The original company was the BIG DEAL company Black Watch Bo finds a scrap of the archive of the company and goes to find valiant as a fan of the company Make it good again Old school Trigger and Grim are drinking buddies Danny owes Spectre money from bad gaming habits Rok is annoyed Trigger keeps trying to fix him and htat Bo keeps asking about the past Valiant is chaotic good per BM in 0 5 30 12 1 43 BM I didn t count Hawthorn Knuckles or Blue in that so it s actually 46 30 rank and file 6 of us and our plus ones Valiant Be the best Valiant has a strong interest Knights of the Falling Star they are currently the best bp notes typed after watching 0 5 replay Rok Trigger Trigger love the idea of Rok a magic suit of armor stuck in time This irritates Rok who doesn t want to be fixed and also doesn t like the hope of being mortal and solved Specter Danny Druid Danny is in Specters pocked from a bet Grim Trigger DRINKING BUDDIES Specter Bo Early tribulations together barely got out alive bonding is from adversity May 14 2023 Grim Specter and Bo Suspicious of the new guy is Grim really accepted
In this role-playing game session, the characters introduce themselves and their backstories. 

First, we have Trigger, a half-elf rogue who was once a member of the Valiant Company, a mercenary group that disbanded 600 years ago. He is on a quest to rebuild the company and has a deep connection with the NPC, Rock, a dwarf who was also part of the original Valiant Company.

Next is Bohooneel, or Beau, a half-elf bard from the city of Riga. Beau has telepathic abilities and is a former member of the Marble Archive, a group dedicated to preserving knowledge. He is fascinated by history and is working on recreating the history of the Valiant Company.

Spectre, a drow rogue, is the son of a criminal organization leader from the Underdark. After being set up by his father, Spectre managed to escape and eventually joined a mercenary company. He has a strong contact in Kazimir Kulik, a powerful merchant in Muscovar, whom Spectre once conned in a game of dice.

Lastly, we have Grimgor, also known as Grim, a half-orc who grew up in the village of Stagport. After being transported to a magical realm by the archfey Rhibhini, Grim returned to the Broken Kingdoms with a new sense of purpose. He joined the group in a pub in Novigrad, introducing himself as the "Fair Bastard Grimgor".

The session ends with the characters bonding and sharing their stories, setting the stage for their future adventures together.
The group discusses their characters and their abilities in the game. One character, Grimm, is introduced as a half-orc fighter from the Feywild. He is described as a weapons master with a high emotional intelligence, able to touch someone and immediately understand their emotional state. The group also discusses the balance of their team, with two frontline fighters, an assassin, two healers, and a druid. They express satisfaction with the diversity and balance of their team.

The group also discusses the need for a company name, but decide to wait until all members are present. They also discuss their relationships with a character named Valiant.

The group also discusses real-life events, including one member's recent experience with parenthood. They discuss the challenges and joys of raising a newborn, and the support they've received from their families.

The group also discusses recent events in the financial world, specifically the SEC's fine against Betterment. They express frustration with the SEC's decision, arguing that it was unfair and based on a misunderstanding of Betterment's business model. They also discuss the SEC's recent hearing on cryptocurrency, expressing frustration with the SEC's lack of clarity on whether cryptocurrencies are securities.
The group discusses their characters' backstories and how they came to join the company led by Valiant, a charismatic bard. Rock, the lieutenant, was the first to join, having a close relationship with Valiant. Bo, an operations expert, joined after discovering an excerpt from the company's chronicle and seeking out Valiant. Trigger, a wizard, was rescued by Valiant and her team from bandits and decided to stay with the company. Specter, an assassin, was brought into the company after Valiant recognized his unique skills. Grimm, a half-orc, joined last after being invited by Rock. The group also discusses their relationships with Valiant and their roles within the company. They also discuss the company's history and Valiant's mission to restore it to its former glory. The group also discusses the potential for social interactions in the game, given their characters' high charisma and persuasion skills. The group also discusses the NPC Daria Ashbrow, a fence who runs the general store and has connections with the Thieves' Guild.
In this session, the players continue to develop their characters and their relationships with each other. They discuss their backstories, motivations, and potential conflicts within the group. 

Trigger, the gnome artificer, and Grimm, the half-orc fighter, are established as drinking buddies, with Grimm often carrying Trigger home after a night of heavy drinking. Rock, the warforged, is annoyed by Trigger's constant attempts to "fix" him, as he secretly wants to escape his curse of being trapped in armor but doesn't want to get his hopes up. 

Specter, the drow rogue, is revealed to be seeking strength in numbers due to his dangerous past. He feels an obligation to contribute significantly to the group as he knows they are potentially putting themselves in danger for him. 

Bo, the firbolg druid, and Specter share a bond formed from a failed mission where they were the only survivors. They had been tasked with finding a lost courier in the mountains, but ended up being attacked by a family of yetis. The courier and the rest of their squad were killed, leaving only Bo and Specter to retreat. 

The group also discusses the potential for conflict with Grimm, the newest member of the group, and the possibility of diverging interests within the group. They agree to think about what their individual lines might be, where their personal interests might override their loyalty to the group. 

Finally, they discuss potential names for their group, but do not settle on one. They also review the NPCs (non-player characters) created for the game, including a bugbear named Hawthorne and a drow named Asterion.
In this session, the players continue to develop their characters and the world for their upcoming role-playing game. They discuss the backstory of Valiant, a character who is a leader of a mercenary company. They also discuss the potential names for their mercenary company, considering options like "Valiant Redemption" and "Unexpected Returns". However, they decide to wait for another player, Mike, to join before finalizing the name.

They also discuss the structure of the game, which will involve choosing individual jobs within the context of a world on the brink of war. The players will have to navigate the politics of the kingdoms and confront the ultimate bad guy, the King in Yellow. The tension between these different levels will shape the bigger picture of the game.

The players also explore the Notion AI tool, discussing how to use it to organize their game information, such as NPCs, locations, and organizations. They decide to use filtering more than nesting to organize their data.

Finally, they agree to hold their next session on May 4th, with the understanding that they may need to be flexible with scheduling in the future.