Episode 2 Over the River Through the Woods The recording is HERE Eldrin Thornwhisper rolled a 21 survival check for his Scouting roll Hawthorn will report the results at the start of this session Stars fall across the Broken Kingdoms Results of the Scouting roll Basic knowledge bears owl bears wolves bandits The roads across the Kingdoms are dangerous enough that most merchants travel with hired guards A large group of bandits robbed a caravan recently Bandits were led by a dwarf man One of the caravanners said he was looking for someone a woman named Rikka Oathkeeper The lands around the Chantry occasionally have problems with ankheg large burrowing animals that like to snatch farmers and livestock Other travelers have disappeared more thoroughly recently No signs Just never made it to wherever they were going Signs of a small group of well trained someones in the forest along the road Didn t see or meet them but found traces of their passing The Broken Kingdoms have no shortage of well trained but unemployed soldiers and mercenaries Griffons are known to nest in the Embrace the mountains west of the Chantry We are off the chantry of dawn to find the archbishop who is missing in the catacombs Hawthorne goes out to scout ahead of time in the 8 hours we have While we slept a star exploded in the skies On our way in the morning we run into Hawthorne She tells us bears owlbears wolves etc bandits roads are dangerous Merchants will have guards Ankheg large burrowing animals ambushers Gryphons roost in The Embrace Mountains Bandit group looking for a woman named Rikka We come to a narrow bridge We are shot from across it Bo goes into the water Combat Spectre and Bo head across the water Trigger doe sa shit ton of damange and pastes one The trick shot pops up and criticals Trigger and hits Eldren using a ricochet shot Bo climbs the wall Eldrin heals up More chaos Bo shoots the trick shot intimidates him Eldrin is in the mix We finish them off Bo with a long shot across the river Moving on Eldrin took a lot of damage we take a short rest We meet Valko Rybak The Kingfisher a traveler we meet on the way who avoided the bridge bandits Also known as the Kingfisher He rescues people alive He doesn t kill and refuses payment A folk hero He is headed to the granite hills we are off to the chantry We decide to join forces to Lake Vostok We meet Rikka Oathkeeper a failed bodyguard company leader She was beat up on the way to Lakerest from the south 20 or 30 bad boys Hawthorne had said a hill dwarf was looking for her Eldrin perceives that Rikka is being deceptive when she says she doesn t know why she was attacked She s playing dumb and knows more than what she s letting on We re all of us teaming up the merchants and all and something ain t right but we re moving on north We choose to spend the night to collect a 200gp reward You have a few hours to Magnificent Seven this thing and set up your traps positions etc Materials below are what you have to work with You can build anywhere in the green area the red is where the bandits are going to come from Materials 1 smaller cart Two draft horses Three wooden chests each four feet long 2 feet wide 2 feet tall Two bushels of cotton each 5 x 2 x 2 Two bushels of hay each 5 x 2 x 2 One 8 foot tall wardrobe broken 8 x 4 x 2 Three light crossbows Four daggers Two bags of caltrops 1 barrel of pitch Two shovels Six hammers and 1 000 nails Three 10 foot square canvas tarps Three 50 foot lengths of rope 3 flasks of lantern oil Two flasks of alchemists fire Two pounds of lard TIME TO PLAN MOTHERFUCKERS
In this session of the role-playing game, the characters wake up in Castle Rend and prepare for their journey to the Chantry of Dawn. Trigg, the gnome, gives Eldrin a morning blessing, the Gift of Alacrity, which will enhance his initiative rolls for the next eight hours. The group then sets off, planning to travel along the river to Lake Rest and then decide whether to continue on foot or by boat.

On their way, they meet Hawthorne, a scout who shares information about the environment and potential dangers they might encounter. She warns them about bears, owlbears, wolves, and bandits that are common in the Broken Kingdoms. She also mentions the presence of Ankhag, large burrowing monsters, in the farmlands around the Chantry, and Griffins in the nearby mountains known as the Embrace.

Hawthorne also shares two recent events. First, a large group of bandits led by a dwarf man robbed a caravan, and the leader was reportedly looking for a woman named Rika. Second, several lone travelers have mysteriously disappeared, with signs pointing to a small group of trained humanoids operating in the forest.

The group continues their journey, keeping these warnings in mind. They discuss the need for special glasses for Spectre, who has sunlight sensitivity, and Trigg demands 50 gold pieces for the crafting of such glasses. The session ends with Eldrin being asked to roll a d20, leaving the outcome of this roll unknown.
The group of adventurers, consisting of Bo, Eldrin, Specter, and Trigger, are traveling between the towns of Novigrad and Lake Rust. They cross a recently constructed stone bridge over a stream and encounter a beggar who reveals himself to be a well-armored soldier. The soldier requests more coin, leading to a confrontation. 

Bo decides to cross the stream to flank the enemy, while Eldrin engages the soldier directly, managing to shatter the soldier's shield with his claws. However, the soldier retaliates, dealing significant damage to Eldrin. Another soldier emerges from the trees, throwing a javelin at Eldrin but missing. 

Specter, the rogue of the group, uses his turn to stealthily swim under the bridge, positioning himself to surprise the enemy. Meanwhile, Trigger, the gnome wizard, launches a series of magic missiles at the soldier who emerged from the trees, dealing substantial damage but not quite taking him down. 

A third enemy, a crossbowman, reveals himself and fires a shot at Eldrin, which ricochets and critically hits Trigger, dealing a heavy blow. The crossbowman then ducks behind the bridge's wall for cover. Bo continues his flanking maneuver, preparing to climb the bridge and attack the crossbowman. Eldrin, in response to his injuries, casts a healing spell on himself and attacks the soldier in front of him again, dealing acid damage.
In this Dungeons and Dragons game session, the party engaged in a challenging fight against a group of enemies. The party consisted of Janus, Jim, Spectre, Trigger, Bo, and Eldren. The enemies included a trick shot and several other attackers.

The fight began with Janus being hit by a bolt, but he managed to sidestep to avoid further attacks. The enemies then targeted Eldren and Trigger, dealing significant damage. Spectre, using his stealth abilities, managed to sneak up on the trick shot and deal a substantial amount of damage before retreating into the bushes.

Trigger, despite being heavily wounded, managed to kill one enemy with his magic missile and dealt damage to another. The trick shot attempted to shoot Bo, but missed, and then tried to run away. However, Bo managed to hit him with a crossbow, dealing significant damage and intimidating him.

Eldren, after missing an attack, used his ability to turn invisible and moved away from the fight. One of the enemies pursued Trigger, but was killed by Spectre's thrown dagger. Trigger then used his Misty Step ability to teleport away from the remaining enemy and hit him with a firebolt.

Finally, Bo delivered the killing blow to the last enemy with a crossbow bolt to the temple. After the fight, the party decided to take a short rest to recover from their injuries. The session ended with the party victorious, but significantly wounded.
The party, consisting of Eldrin, Trigg, and Specter, continues their journey towards the Chantry of Dawn. They decide to take a short rest after a battle, during which they recover some hit points and spell slots. After the rest, they encounter a man named Valgo Ryback, also known as the Kingfisher, who is a well-known figure in the Broken Kingdoms. He is known for his services in rescuing kidnapped victims or catching criminals alive, often refusing payment for his deeds. 

Valgo is found resting by the road, and upon seeing the party, he greets them and asks if he can join them on their journey. The party agrees, and they continue their journey together, sharing stories and getting to know each other. Valgo reveals that he is heading northwest to Granite Hills, having heard that the town is in trouble. The party, however, is heading to the Chantry of Dawn, having been offered a reward for their services.

As they continue their journey, they come across a scene of a recent battle. A wagon is seen off the road, riddled with arrows, and about a dozen commoners are huddled next to it, many of them wounded. There are also several bodies scattered around. The party notices tracks leading away from the scene, indicating that there were at least one or two more wagons that have since disappeared. A red-haired Mountain Dwarf woman steps out from the group by the wagon and waves the party over.
In this role-playing game session, the group encounters a Mountain Dwarf woman named Rika Oathkeeper, who is in distress after her caravan was attacked by bandits. Rika, the only surviving guard along with a half-elf named Feather, pleads for the group's help, offering 200 gold in return. The group is initially suspicious of Rika, as they had heard rumors of bandits looking for a woman by the same name. Upon questioning her, they sense that she is not being entirely truthful about the circumstances of the attack.

Despite their suspicions, the group decides to help Rika and the remaining merchants and their families. They strategize with Valco, a paladin who also decides to stay and help. Valco suggests using the available resources to set up defensive positions and traps to prepare for a potential second attack from the bandits. The group agrees to this plan, deciding to stay and protect the caravan while also keeping a close eye on Rika.
In this session, the players continue their journey, engaging in various social encounters. They interact with a Scottish dwarf, adding a humorous element to the game. The players also discuss their plans for an upcoming encounter with bandits. They decide to set up traps and barricades to funnel the bandits into specific areas, using the materials they have at their disposal, including planks of wood, nails, alchemist fire, and pitch. They plan to dig pit traps and cover them with tarp, and rig trip wires to trigger flasks of alchemist fire. They also consider positioning one of their characters, Spectra, in a tree to attack the bandits from behind. 

The players are informed that they will have three hours in-game time to set up their defenses, and the bandit attack will occur after sundown. They are also told that they will have additional help from two fighters and three other characters. The players express excitement for the upcoming encounter, viewing it as an opportunity for their characters to shine. The session ends with the players looking forward to the next game, where they will face the bandit attack.