Episode 18 Riga Stopover The recording is HERE Company Treasury 250 gold loan from Daria one healing potion potion of gaseous form Eldrin Chantry Lantern no holy water though Bramble Shield Amulet of the Drunkard Rok Sword of Blind Faith Masque Charm Spectre Dust of disappearance chains of returning no link yet Charlatan s Die Grim OG Gambit Splint Armor Potion of the Tragic Hero Wind Fan Bo Bumper Bangle Emerald Pen Trigger Robe of Useful Items Foliage Seed Wand of Limited Magic Detection Three Barking Stones Potion of Aqueous Form Two Keycoins Locklinks Scroll of Wristpocket Riga To Do While in game you have 5 7 days of time in Riga I want to get to the Casino in Florida so you won t be getting the full big city experience during this visit Visit the Marble Archive and Archivist Asterion get an update on the toxic text that you took from the mad scientist and gave to Asterion find out more about King Toss Ravitz he wants to know what kind of person and king he was Anything else library related Pay a visit to Luka s Place Luka is the head of The Clock in Riga and Daria Ashbrow suggested it s worthwhile to kiss the ring while you re in town You many be able to purchase goods or services as well Dealing with our Spy who got caught by the casino Our plan is to say the spy was our red team security tester a white hat hacker testing their security system THey caught him Yay Here s 1500 GP frorm trigger to keep in the safe See you at the tourney We arrive in beautiful Riga Huge goliath woman Moloch with a Velociraptor The collectors use Gold for armor as a signal of the disdain they have for material wealth It s purely decorative they don t need the armor either We go to Luka s place It s hip as fuck Jazz bar speakeasy vibes Soundtrack https spotify link sycrb80cFDb We find a table for all of us Jazz played from stage Hukkahs Coffee Pastries Luka is in the band on stage Bugbear 3rd humanoids tall furred pointy teeth super long arms Luka sits down at our table asks what we want he s a hep cat Mutual friend is Daria Can I be of service L ook at this smooth motherfucker Luka Lorna the manager of thje casino She collectst hings but we don t know what He suggests prying the what out of an employee or assistant of Lorna Nice littl3e side quyest The Library We see asterion he looks well We exchange pleasantries Brian is a fucking master Book of Cray Broken into three components Words nothing too interesting but only one week Symbols not completed to writers satisfaction Source of toxicity Four of our librarians sucumbed to the An opera during which the audience tore themselves apart from ecstacy One had hallucinations of a man in black Anatomical born most fruit Remarkable for skill and the hand which drew them Karina the librarian here She left a year ago she was the mad scientist we killed She was with Walter o Dim a human local man He may be the source of the madness or the badness or whatnot Trigger does research on Anti magic fields Bo does research on Poker Who was the Hobgoblin King Tos Ravitz young nephew of Saretovs ruling class Young when the orcs first invaded Was a cad as he grew up no responsibilities Never amounted to anything because nothing was expected 1 by 1 the heirs died until Tos Tos was a nickname but it became his known name One of the reasons the Temples of Saretov were defeated was because they were fractious couldn t work together Doomed his rule Competiton is why the orcs won Tos stopped paying tithes to the temples Poured that money into the cities defenses It was obviously doomed from the beginning but he did it anyways Orcs came to the city for the last time all the clerics etc argued till it was too late In his last moments when the end was obvious his rage against the temples overcame him he opened the gates to the orcs King Toss Ravitz A nephew of Saratov s ruling family he was young when the orcs first invaded He was something of a cad drinking and gambling no responsibilities Even when the war heated up and the attacks came more regularly he never amounted to anything because nothing was ever expected of him But one by one the royal family started dying Killed in battle with the orcs old age murdered or dead under mysterious circumstances Until only Toss was left to inherit the throne Toss is apparently a nickname but it became so ubiquitous so early that there s no record of his real name even official documents use his nickname He was written off immediately by the many temples and cults of Saratov each of whom thought they had the answer they knew how to save the city The competition between the temples and their disdain for Toss made his rule of the city doomed from the beginning In fact that competition is probably what got at least a few of his family members killed if they made the mistake of not appeasing one temple or another But he did what he could under his power given the circumstances He evacuated citizens willing and able to travel to Riga or Kazan both cities that were better defended He stopped giving tithes to the temples and poured all the city s remaining resources into rebuilding and retraining the city guard But in the end it didn t matter and consensus from historians since then is that it would have been obvious to Toss that everything he did was in vane The orcs came to Saratov for the final time sieging the city all while the temples and their guards and clerics did nothing but argue until it was too late There is one story you find which may or may not be apocryphal that in his last moments when the end of was obvious and his rage at the temples for doing nothing Toss himself opened the gates of the city for the orc hordes
The group of level two fighters, who have just freed Ragnar, the frost giant teenager, are now headed to Riga. They have a few objectives in Riga: to check up on the toxic text and do some research on the ghostly king at the library, to visit Luca's place, the Thieves Guild hangout, and for Eldren to learn a few more animals at the zoo. 

They are also planning to participate in a casino tournament, for which their entry fee has already been paid by Ira. However, they have sent a spy to the casino for reconnaissance, who has been caught and not returned. The group is now trying to come up with a plausible excuse for their spy's presence at the casino. They consider saying that they sent the spy to test the casino's security before they brought their money for the tournament. 

They also discuss the possibility of getting the blueprints of the casino, which Ira can provide for an extra 10% cut. They decide to defer this decision until they get to the casino and assess the situation. 

In preparation for the tournament, they consider training Bo, who is supposed to play in the tournament, in card playing to give him an advantage. However, the DM decides against this, stating that Bo and the DM will play straight up Texas Hold'em head to head during the tournament. 

The group also discusses the possibility of Trigger, who has a week in Riga, making something useful for the heist, given the time and budget constraints.
The group decides to visit Riga, a city that is reminiscent of French North Africa, known for its lively atmosphere, rich culture, and diverse population. Bo feels at home in Riga, having worked there for a long time at the library. The group decides to visit Luca's place first, a coffee house/jazz bar run by Luca, one of the five leaders of the Clock, a thieves guild. 

Upon arrival, they are immediately taken by the vibrant ambiance of the place. The jazz band, consisting of a human, a goblin, and a bugbear, captivates the crowd. The group is served coffee, pastries, and hookah without even having to order. Eldrin is particularly fascinated by a Velociraptor accompanying a Goliath woman named Moloch, the head of the collectors, a group that protects the bank's interests. 

The group then decides to pay their respects to Luca. They order a round of whiskies and request the waiter to inform Luca of their presence. The waiter returns with a bottle of whiskey, coffee liqueur, and seven perfectly rolled joints, which they enjoy. The group anticipates meeting Luca, hoping to establish a good relationship with him.
The characters visit a jazz club owned by a bugbear named Hawthorne, who is also a friend of their contact, Dahlia. They enjoy the music and the atmosphere, and eventually get a chance to speak with Hawthorne after his set. They reveal that they are friends of Dahlia and are in town for a tournament. Hawthorne offers them hospitality and tells them they can ask for his help if they need anything. 

The characters discuss their plans for the upcoming heist at the casino. They consider asking Hawthorne for information about the tournament and the casino, but decide against it to avoid arousing suspicion. They also discuss potential strategies for the heist, such as using magic to disguise themselves or to feign death. However, they decide to hold off on finalizing their plan until they have more information about the casino and the tournament. 

Hawthorne eventually leads them to a private room in the club, where he reveals that he also has an interest in the tournament. The characters ask if they can help him with his plans, but the details of this conversation are not revealed in the transcript.
The group meets with Luca, a contact from the Thieves' Guild, at a bar. Luca asks them to find out what Lorna Goldgut, the manager of the casino, collects. He suggests they could get her assistant drunk to extract the information. The group agrees to the task, with the understanding that they will owe Luca a small favor in return. 

The group then discusses their travel plans to Tampa, where they will be staying in an Airbnb. They plan to cook steaks on a grill and possibly visit a local butcher for supplies. 

Finally, the group visits the Marble Archive, a large library in Riga. Beau is recognized by a librarian who leads them to Asterian, a Minotaur and Beau's old friend. Asterian's office is filled with books, reflecting his scholarly pursuits. The group's conversation with Asterian is not detailed in the transcript.
In this role-playing game session, the characters visit a library to gather information about various topics. The towering Minotaur figure, who is the archivist of the library, warmly welcomes them. The characters, particularly Trigger and Bo, express their interest in spending time in the library to research various topics.

The archivist provides them with information about the "toxic text" they had previously given him. He explains that the text is divided into three components: the words, the anatomical drawings, and a strange, incomplete symbol that was the source of the text's toxicity. He reveals that four librarians experienced temporary madness after coming into contact with the symbol.

The archivist then introduces Gerda, a hill dwarf woman, who provides information about Karina, a former librarian who drew the anatomical drawings in the toxic text. Karina had changed drastically after meeting a man named Walter O'Dimm, and she left the library about a year ago to pursue her "great work". The characters express interest in finding Walter and learning more about his connection to Karina and the toxic text.

The characters also research King Toss Rabbits, a hobgoblin ghost friend. They discover that Toss was the last surviving member of Saratov's ruling class, who tried to save his city from Orcs but ultimately failed. There's a story that Toss, in his rage at the city's temples for their inaction, opened the city gates to the Orcs himself.

The session ends with Trigger offering a gift to Astarion - a sheaf of pages containing complex mathematical work done by a cosmologist. The characters plan to continue their research and investigations in the library.
In this session, the group continues their investigation into the mysterious Martin Broadcloak. They visit the library to speak with Asterion, the head librarian, and share their findings. Trigger presents Asterion with some of Broadcloak's research papers, which the librarian finds fascinating and agrees to add to the library's collection. He also notes that Broadcloak's research into the fabric of the universe is potentially dangerous and powerful.

The group discusses their suspicions about Broadcloak, connecting him to the strange dreams they've been having since being exposed to the Star Fragment. They also suspect that Broadcloak may have used Karina to gain access to the library's texts and that he's creating strange beasts using the Star Fragment.

They decide to ask Asterion to expedite a reference check on Broadcloak with Chancellor Purpose, whom they met at the pantry. They also plan to send a letter to their contacts at Ren, warning them about Broadcloak.

The group also investigates Karina's former residence, but find it has been rented out to a new couple, leading to a dead end in their investigation. The session ends with the group planning their next steps, which include a trip to Florida.