Episode 12 Downtime The recording is HERE Company Treasury two potions of healing Rok and Grim each have Eldrin drank both potions you currently have zero 416 gold 550 gold to be delivered potion of gaseous form Chantry Lantern no holy water though Eldrin Sword of Blind Faith Rok Dust of disappearance Spectre Scrolls of alarm and knock mystery magic bracelet bumper bangle https www dndbeyond com magic items 7132254 bumper bangle to Bo splint armor with the old Gambit logo engraved on the pauldrons 17 AC to Grim mystery potion of gold liquid potion of the tragic hero https www dndbeyond com magic items 7132273 potion of the tragic hero mystery magic wood shield bramble shield https www dndbeyond com magic items 7132340 bramble shield to Danny Trigger does some Identify on these things Cutscene 1 The world turns and ages come and pass leaving memories that become legend Legend fades to myth and even myth is long forgotten In this age a wind rises in the Spine of Creation 1 Among the peaks of the mountains where the wind begins sits the Iron Monastery Within its walls of iron and stone the new headmaster looks at his reflection in the mirror and laughs Or screams Who can tell sometimes 1 To the north the wind blows hard and cold until it slams into the forests of Ossora Broken it slinks and whispers until it dies breathless under the towering canopy of ironwood trees There Bink Pilwick sits on a giant mushroom as four figures approach from out of the forest gloom The old gnome speaks Vengeance my friends It is time The four figures smile They have been too quiet for too long Fire Shadow Bone and Blood The Grim Accord will walk the Kingdoms once more 1 To the south the wind races hot across Lake Severin and blusters through the canals of Baku carrying the arguments of traders and scholars But in the palace of the Fisher King there is a room that the wind cannot reach A room with no windows filled with the smoke of incense A half orc woman stands near the center of the room looking down at a massive table that is a perfect replica of the Broken Kingdoms The table is covered in pins figurines and notes written on parchment The half orc woman is beautiful except for a knotted scar that twists the side of her face She looks down at the table and whispers to herself What did you say Asks the fat king sitting in the corner his plate piled with food My dear Dobromir I said things are finally starting to get interesting Valentina reaches down and plants a new pin at the center of the map near the town of Novigrad The parchment tied to the pin reads Genesis Gambit 1 Elsewhere the wind blows a sweet summer breeze through an open window The curtains sway but the single candle in the room doesn t flicker The Walking Man sits alone in that small room listening to the happy sounds of the village in summer The Walking Man Herald in Black Dweller in Darkness He has had many names He has ended many worlds He sits in the small room lit by a single candle He looks at the candle The light goes out Back to Castle Rend Novograd Riga Muscovar have the money Valiant wants us to maintain the good relationships Journeyman job for Muscover Riga bank job Catching up Go down to River Flagon Masha Martin Broadcloack hired us to find the star fragment Martin Broadcloak Trapezohedron created by space dwarves locked in a lead box most of the time The color out of space what he calls it in his notes Creature from a different plane from outside our cosmology Raw matter of the universe Holds power Heat light motion all possible Spymaster Report Baku s spy network valentina is the best she caught our traps we rolled a 9 Nugget reports nothing to report in baku We were stymied A push Muskovar we rolled a 28 Kazamir is Muskovar s spymaster Nugget s Spy Report 1 Roll against Baku We couldn t really find out anything I don t know if we were asking the wrong questions or asking in the wrong places We didn t attract any attention but frankly we didn t learn anything neither Fail in secret 1 Roll against Muscovar Much different story where do I begin Complete Success 2 on next operation versus Muscovar 1 Ok there s the Combine right The group of guilds that rules Muscovar There s actually seven of them seven guilds 1 The most powerful are the Weaver s Guild and the Metalworker s Guild The Weaver s Guild is run by a human woman Vera Bokun Looks like an old maid and quiet as a mouse but rumor is she s got a mean streak The Weaver s control the town of Kirpansk upriver from Muscovar it s where all their mills are 1 The Metalworker s run by a high elf Seona Silverlight Beautiful popular charming ambitious she s the total package She s expansionist Started out just running the jeweler s guild then absorbed the blacksmiths farriers armorers even the cobblers She wants to create a super guild of crafters 1 Then we have our friend Kazimir master of the Spicer s Guild Kazimir is the newest member of the Combine but he s not resting on his ass His brashness and rapid rise rub some people the wrong way but his guild loves him 1 1 Those are the three most powerful guilds There s four more Next is Igor Silverhorn a dwarf master of the Shipwright s Guild Shipping is Muscovar s lifeblood The Shipwrights are apolitical stable predictable They don t bother nobody and nobody bothers them The spice must flow as Kazimir would say 1 After that is Cyril Malachite master of the Stonemason s Guild Malachite is under a lot of stress the Stonemason s are next on Seona s list to gobble up and he s doing his best to resist Two more 1 1 The Brewer s Guild run by another dwarf Rurik Frostbeard He s the guy who just wants everyone to be friends Usually the mediator when the Combine disagrees with itself but also usually taken for granted Not really a mover or shaker the Brewer s don t have enough power or coin to do much 1 And bringing up the rear we have the Mage s Guild Why would the mage s guild be the ass end of power in a big city Apparently it s standing policy for the rest of the guilds no matter what their disagreements to box out the mages to keep them as isolated and toothless as possible They don t fully cut them out because well they re useful 1 That was a lot I apologize but boss we did so good I can t help it We re uh not done yet 1 Now most of these jokers you don t need to worry about unless you want to The real power is between the Weaver s Guild the Metalworker s Guild and the Spicer s Guild They re gonna be the ones driving policy in Muscovar 1 Oh yeah policy What do you think city run by guilds wants More markets More inputs More goods more services more business 1 They all agree with that end Where they might disagree is on the means This is where our information gets squishier so take this all with a few grains Kazimir seems the most conciliatory Seona wants to eat it all up the whole Kingdoms Vera all I know is she ll kill ya if you re on the wrong side but we don t know which side that is 1 Oh yeah one more thing this is important The Spicer s Guild they re a merchant guild right Not a crafters guild like the weavers or metalworkers So they ve got journeyman merchants all over the kingdoms all over the rest of the continent Yeah those journeyman like the ones you helped in the mountains that s Muscovar s spy network That s why the Spicer s Guild is so powerful Kazimir is the spymaster of Muscovar 1 Gotta be careful boss That means when we re running missions in Muscovar we might be dodging or going up against the Journeymen while you re buddy buddy with Kazimir Just something to keep in mind 1 I lied one more thing this is the last I promise The Clock you know the thieves guild They re active in Muscovar obviously The Clock s activities in Muscovar are run by a figure called the Eel You know cause they re slippery Keeps a low profile You don t fine the Eel they find you We choose to do an Opp on Riga invest 200 we find out the results of Bo s 24 roll next downtime Invitation Addressed to Valiant Senior Officers Genesis Gambit It is my honor and privilege to invite you to the ceremony for my Ascension to Archbishop of the Chantry of Dawn The ceremony will start promptly at noon on July 15 with food and drinks on the Chantry grounds to follow Celebratory worship services held at dawn and dusk will be open to all but attendance will be restricted during the ceremony itself Please present this invitation for admittance Formal dress is requested Please note that no weapons armor or spellcasting equipment of any kind will be allowed in the Chantry during the day s events Failure to comply will result in immediate arrest and imprisonment May you walk in the Dawnfather s Light Bishop Zorian Priory of the Lake The HEIST Job Offer Ira and Athlonia What we are about to propose is both highly lucrative and highly dangerous If that doesn t sound like the kind of thing Genesis Gambit is interested in say the word and we ll walk out the door right now No hard feelings Riga Springs Casino Destination resort and casino the jewel of Riga attracts high rollers from across the Kingdoms and beyond We want you to rob it In two months the Casino will be hosting the Dragon s Hoard a card tournament that only comes around every five years We can get you a suite at the resort during the tournament and one of you a seat in the tournament if you want We ll also provide the means for easy storage and removal of the gold a portable hole which you get to keep after the job https www dndbeyond com magic items 4699 portable hole You handle planning and execution But we do have some expectations specifically No violence Weapons aren t allowed in the casino anyways And no evidence it could be traced back to us This has to be clean Did we come to the wrong mercenaries By our estimates the total take should be anywhere between 30 000 and 50 000 gold We split it 50 50 You do the math Other stuff Ira knows or tells you Your suite and the tournament buy in we can make that under pseudonyms or Genesis Gambit Up to you depending on how you want to go in We will be on site during the tournament To observe But don t count on any help unless it is momentarily convenient and riskless for us The Casino is guarded by The Collectors If any of you are unfamiliar with them let me summarize they cannot be bribed at least not with gold and have no fear unless maybe a dragon shows up Even that encounter they might relish And if you re caught stealing or cheating they ll beat you to death with grim efficiency To our benefit however most don t have the eye for deception and they are not involved in actual casino operations We know that the casino s vault is located in the basement With time we may be able to acquire the blueprints Doing so would certainly increase your chance of success but it would also increase our cut to 60 Their acquisition would be a considerable risk on our part They assume there is some kind of magical deterrent to stop cheating during the tournament but don t know exactly what that is
In this session, the party returned to Castle Rend after successfully completing their mission in Saratov. They identified the magical items they had found: a Bumper Bangle, a Bramble Shield, a Potion of the Tragic Hero, and a set of Splint Armor. The Bumper Bangle, which can push enemies away, was given to Eldrin. The Bramble Shield, which can grow into a spike growth, was given to Grimm. The Potion of the Tragic Hero, which grants significant combat advantages but leaves the user dying, was also given to Grimm. The Splint Armor, which had the original Gambit symbol, was worn by Grimm as well.

The party then experienced a series of cutscenes, which they were not aware of. These scenes introduced new characters and hinted at future conflicts. The scenes included the new headmaster of the Iron Monastery, the Grim Accord preparing to walk the kingdoms again, the Spymaster Valentino placing a pin on Novigrad indicating Genesis Gambit, and the Walking Man, a powerful entity, extinguishing a candle.

The session ended with the party updating Valiant, who was training soldiers at Castle Rend, about their successful mission.
In this role-playing game session, the characters return to their base after successfully completing two jobs for the Bank of Riga and the city of Muscovar. They discuss their experiences and the potential consequences of their actions, particularly their conflict with the Silver Suns. Valiant, their leader, advises them to trust Percy of the Silver Suns over the Blood Skulls or the Lodge, despite Percy's unpleasant demeanor.

They also discuss a mysterious person who can create creatures with vials and glass, and the possibility of seeking information from Constantine, a powerful wizard. However, they decide against it due to the potential danger and Constantine's past conflict with Rock, one of the characters.

Upon returning to the local tavern, they find Martin Broadcloak, a cosmologist, telling the story of their recent job involving a star fragment. Martin shares his findings about the fragment, which he calls a trapezohedron due to its precise measurements. He theorizes about the existence of other planes or worlds, and the potential dangers if the Chained Oblivion, a destructive entity, were to awaken.

The session ends with the characters enjoying their time at the tavern, with some of them indulging in a mysterious tea that Masha, the tavern owner, brews from her backyard herbs.
In this session, the group returns to Castle Rend after successfully completing their mission in Muscovar. They are greeted by Valiant, who informs them that the castle is now fully operational and that they have a new recruit, a young woman named Gif, who is a skilled blacksmith and engineer. 

The group then meets with Martin, a scholar who they had previously helped to retrieve a powerful artifact known as the Trapezohedron. Martin reveals that he has been studying the artifact and believes it to be a source of immense power, capable of generating light, heat, and motion. He expresses his desire to demonstrate his findings to the town, but the group advises against it, fearing that it could attract unwanted attention. 

After some persuasion, Martin agrees to continue his research at Castle Rend under the group's supervision. He arrives the next day with all his equipment and is set up in the castle's workshop. 

Finally, the group receives their payment for the Muscovar job - a chest containing 550 gold pieces. They also receive a note from Kazimir Kulik, the master of the Spicers Guild of Muscovar, thanking them for their assistance and discretion. After Valiant's cut, the group is left with 870 gold pieces. 

The session ends with Nugget, the head spy of the group, returning to Castle Rend to give a report on their operations against Baku and Muscovar. The group had rolled a 9 against Baku and a natural 20 against Muscovar, indicating successful operations.
In this game session, the players discuss the results of their spy networks in Baku and Muscovar. In Baku, their spies failed to gather any significant information, but in Muscovar, they learned about the seven powerful guilds that run the city. The most influential guilds are the Weavers, Metalworkers, and Spicers. The Weavers are led by Vera Bokun, a quiet but ruthless woman, while the Metalworkers are led by an ambitious high elf named Shiona. The Spicers, led by Casimir, are the city's spy network, making them a powerful force. 

The players also learn about the other guilds, including the Shipwrights, Stonemasons, Brewers, and Mages guilds, each with their own leaders and agendas. The players also discover that the Thieves Guild, known as the Clock, operates in Muscovar under a figure known as the Eel. 

The players then discuss how to spend their gold. They decide to invest 150 gold for Trigger to learn the spells 'Knock' and 'Alarm'. They also consider investing in their spy networks, the quartermaster, and the weapon master. They decide to expand their spy network to other cities, but are cautious about spying on the Silver Suns due to their honor-based nature. 

Specter visits Daria, a fencing compatriot, at her store. Daria offers Specter a Chain of Returning, a valuable item that allows thrown weapons to return to the user. Specter accepts the gift and purchases a healing potion for 20 gold. The session ends with Specter deciding to keep the Chain of Returning a secret from the rest of the group.
During this session of the role-playing game, the characters discuss their plans for the future and how to best use their resources. They decide to invest in their spy network, focusing on the cities of Riga and the Brass Door. They also decide to upgrade their scout core to level two. 

The characters also discuss their concerns about being under surveillance. Bo, in particular, feels that the castle is being watched. They decide to increase their security measures and keep a closer eye on their surroundings. 

Trigger spends time working with Martin, a scholar with no magical talent, on a project involving time manipulation. However, his experiment fails and he ends up sweating oil. Despite this setback, Trigger views the failure as a learning opportunity and is optimistic about future attempts. 

Finally, the characters receive a letter from Bishop Zorian Priory of the Lake, inviting them to his ascension ceremony to become the Archbishop of the Chantry of Dahl. The characters debate whether to attend, considering the potential benefits of staying on good terms with the Archbishop. However, they are wary of the restrictions on weapons and armor at the event. The session ends with them still undecided.
In this session, the Genesis Gambit group receives a letter from Archbishop Valiant, inviting them to his ascension ceremony. The group debates whether to attend, considering the potential political implications and the opportunity to network with influential figures. 

Meanwhile, they also receive a visit from Ira, a red-headed halibald woman they had previously met, and her associate, Athlonia, a tall, statuesque elf woman. Ira proposes a high-risk, high-reward job to the group: to rob the Jewel of Riga, a high-end casino hosting a card tournament called the Dragon's Hoard. The job requires careful planning, execution, and most importantly, no violence. The potential reward is estimated to be between 30,000 and 50,000 gold, to be split 50-50 between the group and Ira's team. 

The group is intrigued by the proposal, asking questions about the casino's security, the use of magic during the game, and the exact location of the gold. Ira provides some information but admits that they are not sure about the casino's anti-magic measures. 

The group decides to consider the proposal and discuss it further. They also consider using their spy network in Riga to gather more information. The group is excited about the prospect of planning and executing a heist, and they have two months to prepare for the job.
In this session, the group is approached by two individuals, Ira and Athlonia, who propose a heist job at the Riga Casino. The casino is hosting a high-stakes poker tournament, and the group is tasked with stealing the buy-in money, which is estimated to be between 30,000 to 50,000 gold pieces. The group is promised half of the total amount as their cut. 

Ira and Athlonia provide the group with a portable hole, a magical item that can hold a large amount of items, to transport the stolen gold. The group discusses various strategies for the heist, including posing as security, creating distractions, and using disguises. They also consider the possibility of double-crossing Ira and Athlonia or the bank that owns the casino. 

The group decides they need to gather more information before finalizing their plan. They consider questions about the casino's ownership, the insurance of the gold, and who would be affected by the theft. The group also plans to scout the casino and its surroundings to better understand what they're up against. 

The session ends with the group excited about the upcoming heist and the potential rewards. They are told they will level up after the heist job is completed.